Update viva-learning-activity.md (#10759)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/activity-reports/viva-learning-activity.md

![Microsoft 365 Apps usage report.](../../media/viva-learning-charts.png)

- Active users – Shows you the number of active users over time. For example, you can use it to find the number of active users in your organization on a specific day over the past 30 days.

> - User activities – Shows you the number of user activities such as Viewed Featured Content, LearningTabsPinned, Viewed Learning Objects, Consumed Learning Objects, Recommendations made, and Bookmarks.
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- User activities – Shows you the number of user activities, such as viewed featured content, learning tabs pinned, viewed learning objects, consumed learning objects, recommendations made, and bookmarks.
```
